now while the meringue is cooking while
the lemon curd is cooling and the lemon
carrot will set a little bit more as it
cools so while that's all happening I'm
going to make the chocolate and
marmalades and hazelnut cake I've got a
few different things ready for this one
thing is a little bit of chocolate I've
been melting over a saucepan of
simmering water
there's 175 grams of chocolate and the
same weight of butter in there and they
have both just melted together next
thing I'm going to do is just whizz up
some hazelnuts am i go to bake torrontés
on that you can use grant almonds for
this recipe because on that the flavor
of the hazelnut is is quite nice for a
change but there's nothing to stop you
oh sorry I switch to something nothing
to stop you using ground almonds and
says I just remember that true she told
me earlier that with Imagi mix with any
food processor you will actually should
pour put the blade on and then put
things through the funnel onto the blade
because otherwise they can get lodged
underneath the blades and
so you always sorry okay now also where
are the whisks and the race
I'm also going to whisk up while the
haze of us are mixing up there there I'm
just going to whisk up some egg yolks
I've got five egg yolks and hundred
seventy five grams of sugar here these
recipes by the way are all in the free
BBC food food guides tradition which are
all available round the perimeter of the
actual show areas we've just picked up
so I just want to mix up the egg yolks
with the sugar here few different little
elements to this dish you know what I
would love these again if I could the
chocolate of the butter was there the
egg you except the sugar I'm just gonna
whisk up these egg whites into their
marmalades that's a bit of egg wash
that's fine and go two hours or in two
rather the egg yolks and sugar I'm going
to add 200 grams of marmalade orange
marmalade and it just gives this you can
add them up grated orange zest as well
if you like but this normally it's quite
nice necessity I've noticed so it gives
us a really lovely orange zest enos and
that's if I'd say half a jar a little
bit under half a jar of orange marmalade
so the eggox in this sugar the marmalade
it all gets through together with the
chocolate and the butter basically all
the ingredients get mixed together for
this and I'm just going to whisk up the
egg whites or separated five eggs
very
at Pace this lovely rich show continued
mixture a little little size this cake
is rich this paper will serve about
eight to ten people easily because it is
really quite rich its Christ dense
almost Lucy really quite moist in
texture
- Mariah she I just have a little left
does I need to use this one
little bit over that's okay
so did you whisk up these egg whites and
I can get this cake into the oven
it does for you I think this was very
cute and it's chops lumen addresses
levels so you can shop and risk than you
do anything that you want but it doesn't
eat me and it does it quickly
okay so the cake I can either pour the
egg whites into the chocolate or the
other way around
and you don't have to be too careful
with this I'm going to fold it in but
you don't have to be absolutely too
particular to kind of fold with a sharp
metal spoon or something like you do
with some recipes for the egg whites
with all the chocolate sugar butter
marmalade
it gives all in there I've got the cake
tin prepared here you could use a
20-centimeter cake tune this is about
the 23 centimeter cake tin which is
perfect it's been just greased to butter
it around the sides and the inside and
the base has been lined with a disco
party later
so you've got a couple of country books
in the year
I baked the one which is the latest side
that's the fifth one actually yeah so
it's in the baking with something I
always wants to do more I always want to
write a book on because it was the first
kind of cooking I ever did like so many
children you do speaking at home so it's
really just love us and love it got to
save when testing the recipes pour it
over that case nine ten months at home I
did this my teens having appetizer and
the children just thought it was just
Christmas every day we were making cakes
and it's their excuses Thank You cakes
and biscuits every day that Atticus was
at work we still thing is I'd like my
husband he was such a little sliver of
something and taste it and yeah that's
boudoir I think we use but more of this
there's no more of this in I can't just
have a slipper up that's what I would
have the piece and I hate wasting food
so we did you know a lot of neighbors
and friends benefited from giving things
away but I'm doing a signing at the
taste of Ireland stands I did a finding
earlier the book people stand and but
about the taste of Ireland stands
straight after this demonstration it's
just just over there just there and you
get quick book signing there and then
doing a demonstration at the British
theater at 3:20 but the big things about
this book it's great it's got lovely
illustrations nothing is about
neo-spacian said easy to do recipes
terminology is easy and it's easy to
understand which some some chefs thank
you very complex but this is that so
easy it has to be really doesn't you
know otherwise well I've been lots of
books are a bit more complicated lovely
just to look out and browse through I
wanted to be a book that if you do
please are friendly and sprite the
meringue is just ready you know I think
they did bring in some tin foil our
kitchen fairies they did they did indeed
we have got two kitchen fairies in their
back here behind this wall we've got
Anna and James and they have just
started they have just started studying
is going to be chef and now what the
university called and I need to they
only started two months ago and they are
getting all the ingredients ready
underling fantastic its University
College barnacles
and they obviously critically rather
bursting and said the poor girl is not
back in you know you guys really didn't
know what hit them
it's just it's good to be chocolates and
marmalade cake I fear it's good to be
very grace mercy and texture because
there are no nuts in there luckily I've
got a slice of one that I made earlier
to serve yeah I just basically just did
that just to check who is also hot who
is keeping an eye night and the game and
let's see how my cake it'll be
interesting I think if I can you see oh
yeah
so do you know what I would do actually
if I was at home I would introduce
cookie there because I have to wait for
this to cool for a second anyway
it's not going to be very elegant I
would take the cake out of the oven and
I stir them in and that's what I going
to do
right so I always put the cake it's
quite nice
well luckily this is a cake mess is kind
of supposed to be quite dense and Lucy
but I think if we fold it in like this
I think we'll be absolutely fine
I'm sure this'll at this level either
make yeah thank you for the wonderful
texture it's a goodbye cake in the oven
for two minutes take it I'm Trever the
hazelnuts Thanks there we go
hazelnuts it is there something else
another great piece that's the good part
thanks trees
the great thing about a good chef is
actually not to be followed by anything
like this if it happens if it does and
then you work your way out of it
the great thing about a good chef is
this you remember how you actually
rectify it
Jean tree you do need to get yourself
massive destroy students and that's why
the people are often asking me second it
was embarrassing is happening to you in
demonstration so you say anybody is
actually yeah fine but I think it's a
probably good iron in there are over